Belis Aladag: Hello.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I can't hear you either um
Belis Aladag: Can you check to see if it says mute on your bottom left.
Belis Aladag: Can you hear me now.
Belis Aladag: Let's see more. Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: Oh,
Belis Aladag: I hear you.
Lisa’s iPhone: Is
Belis Aladag: Hi there.
Hi.
Belis Aladag: Um, so is your first language espanyol
Lisa’s iPhone: Espanol in English. My husband rack is right here next to me nearby. My name is rocky dance. Doctor, we have a different dialect that we speak, also, that she speaks more of
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, English or Spanish, but she speaks English. There are just some words that should make you might have need my help to explain to her a little bit
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, most of the talking.
Belis Aladag: No problem. Okay, great. Well, really nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Allah DAG and I'll be taking you on as a patient today. So tell me, how are you, what's happening.
Lisa’s iPhone: What happened in their
Lisa’s iPhone: Own time. I don't feel good. I went to the emergency and beautiful that God bless and
Lisa’s iPhone: She gave me your numbers to get communication. Now you're
Lisa’s iPhone: Our patients.
Lisa’s iPhone: Are the doctor right here doing everything never do nothing for the pain.
Belis Aladag: Um, they can't help you with the pain.
Lisa’s iPhone: Now,
Belis Aladag: How long do you think, how long has has the pain been an issue for you.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, more and more and more. This thing. I have a long time, Doctor.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, but more his life for months as bother me. I can do not think my DVD normal I can do it. I can walk a little bit. I can cook for my family. I have a beautiful family. She liked my food.
Belis Aladag: Yes.
Lisa’s iPhone: Which I can cook.
Lisa’s iPhone: My husband has to be next to me to hold me to cook.
Belis Aladag: I see, I see. So I see. So, so you're saying you've had this pain chronically for some time, but the last four months.
Lisa’s iPhone: It's worse with you.
Belis Aladag: Where you can't cook. You can't do certain things you used to do. So the last four months have been really bad for you.
Lisa’s iPhone: Is that
Belis Aladag: It's something happened to you, four months ago that you can think of, like, I don't know any stress any new injury.
Lisa’s iPhone: Case. Yeah, my husband's going to you. I want to give you a little rundown of what she has and what what we've been going through and what specials, we've been seeing. Thank you. Okay, okay, four months ago, we went to a
Lisa’s iPhone: neurologists
Belis Aladag: urologist okay
And
Lisa’s iPhone: He did a test where you put a camera in her to see because he's seen a ball. So when you put the camera and he told me that his. He sees some form of tumor, which it looks like it's cancerous. Okay, so then he then he tells me his, his name is Dr. Faulkner here, they're still California
Belis Aladag: And he is a urologist so he was looking in the bladder.
Lisa’s iPhone: YES BLADDER okay so he did the biopsy.
Lisa’s iPhone: And then he told me I i can i don't know exactly what it is, but I, it is some sort of tumor. So we send it to the specialist and we'll know in a couple of weeks.
Lisa’s iPhone: That those three, four weeks that passed by the time she lost like 30 pounds in fear. The doctor said it was cancer was this, it was that so
Lisa’s iPhone: We ended up going to the doctor thing to load it wasn't cancer, but it she has a hold on it to my phones. I put everything in notes doctor because good Emerald
Lisa’s iPhone: Endometriosis
Belis Aladag: And Oh, me too endometriosis.
Lisa’s iPhone: Oh god, what she was diagnosed was also she had fibromyalgia, and she has arthritis.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, okay. After this biopsy doctor she been bleeding, more, more than on for the last four months, even what she puts a demo shot every three months.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, and even with the devil shot. She was bleeding. So Dr. Wagner told her.
Lisa’s iPhone: That it could be vessels that from where I guess you see saying that when she pees are she puts the pressure to me are you are to go to the bathroom and colors of the biopsy.
Lisa’s iPhone: The vessels might open and a little blood was supposed to bone up for the past couple weeks, not for four months.
Lisa’s iPhone: And she went to Sudan. Then he wanted to another surgery to try to close the veins. If I told him I said no. So now on the 18th of this month. Dr. We have a to see the specialist for the Enduro misuses at the UCSF hospital.
Lisa’s iPhone: In San Francisco, California. Got it.
Lisa’s iPhone: For that's a that's an update.
Belis Aladag: That's the update on that Dimitrios is for that tumor that they found which wasn't a cancerous thing. It's from endometriosis, but it's obviously a big
Belis Aladag: Because endometriosis is inflammation and sometimes I guess it can be extensive like in your case, it was, it looked like a actual tumor. Yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: Because it's because it's because it's growing from the outside.
Lisa’s iPhone: And the end. And that's why it's so much pain for but before the the op. The autopsy, she was fine. We used to walk for miles a day. No problem. In her because that's what we do, we exercise we walk. We used to walk for miles a day. No problem.
Lisa’s iPhone: We didn't even know she had this team. We were in. We were out of town to her father, because he was sick and we still have six, seven months out of time. So when we came back. We just got a phone call. Yeah, this is
Lisa’s iPhone: So and so's doctor's office where they're calling to confirm Lisa Williams appointment. I didn't even know we had this appointment and then sends that biopsy till now she has a chronic issue had five. She has her mouth greatest. It was a lot of pain, always, but it was manageable manageable.
Belis Aladag: How did you manage it. By the way, can I just
Lisa’s iPhone: Ask, she did they did. They gave her a lock certain she takes um
Belis Aladag: What prescription deluxe 1860 or
Lisa’s iPhone: 70 5050 okay yeah and then she takes. She was on the on appeal, called Zelda.
Unless
Lisa’s iPhone: It was a solar system shows on a on a pill causal john Do you live in a look around.
Belis Aladag: 11 milligram. How do you spell the name
Lisa’s iPhone: Zell Jen, hold on.
Lisa’s iPhone: Goes on medication. And I was like six months to get the authorization because it's a very, very expensive medication, but the gave it to her, but now the arthritis. Dr. Stop that. We don't even know why not we don't even know it's called X. It's x E. L.
Lisa’s iPhone: Uh huh. J. A. And z.
Lisa’s iPhone: X are 11 milligram. Sorry.
Belis Aladag: 11 milligram, and you were taking that once a day.
Lisa’s iPhone: Direct she was taking that once a day.
Belis Aladag: But when did you stop it.
Lisa’s iPhone: One week to week, two weeks ago because of the doctor doctor show Hall, the arthritis don't tear arthritis specialism Antica California
Lisa’s iPhone: Color to stop it and then her appointments on the 24th to see this arthritis doctor and she wants to do blood work on her to see is, what's the changing without it, because it has a lot of side effects.
Belis Aladag: I see, I see. So
Belis Aladag: But she's and that's the doctor, Dr chahal is who put you on that in the first place.
Lisa’s iPhone: No, no, no. He'll put her on that was Dr. Ferrari and stopped in California, but he retired.
Belis Aladag: I see. Okay. Um, and the Deluxe, a teenager continuing 50 milligrams
Lisa’s iPhone: Try and and try to zone charges.
Lisa’s iPhone: Charges on track.
Belis Aladag: How many
Lisa’s iPhone: 30 or 40 she's gonna see right now. Hold on, I have all the medications.
Lisa’s iPhone: And she takes vitamin D.
Belis Aladag: Vitamin D is that eight 8000 or 800 units.
Lisa’s iPhone: Of Vitamin D is how many units.
Lisa’s iPhone: This is try to zone and 50 milligram tablets and it's one tablet my mouth at bedtime. I know, I know.
Lisa’s iPhone: The vitamin D. I don't have Wi Fi. I don't know.
Lisa’s iPhone: That's okay. And what else will take the locks.
Lisa’s iPhone: And then the gabapentin
Belis Aladag: How much is
Lisa’s iPhone: How much is the girlfriends.
Lisa’s iPhone: 300 milligram
Lisa’s iPhone: And you take hunky
Lisa’s iPhone: 333
Belis Aladag: Times all together.
Lisa’s iPhone: At night, yes, she takes them together because the doctor did better tickets that she doesn't like it makes you a little drowsy. So if you take time. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so she's taking that at night trouser don't at night that helps with sleep.
Belis Aladag: You said vitamin D. And then can you confirm the deluxe if
Belis Aladag: You look at the bottle is it
Lisa’s iPhone: Really was a lot, actually. The research.
Lisa’s iPhone: To see what
Lisa’s iPhone: I think
Lisa’s iPhone: And then the doctor that refers to you.
Lisa’s iPhone: To that was Dr. Bennett.
Lisa’s iPhone: From doctors, medical hospital. He doesn't have an office you
Lisa’s iPhone: Know,
Lisa’s iPhone: What you're saying, look, I'm sure.
Belis Aladag: The locks have to
Lisa’s iPhone: The last
Belis Aladag: 3030 3030 okay yeah cuz you said 50 but I think it's 30 okay
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, that makes sense. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And I'm just writing down your diagnoses. Here the endometriosis.
Belis Aladag: I'm just jotting this down and 80.9. These are just codes we give I'm putting it in your chart. So we have it here.
Lisa’s iPhone: On one more thing. Dr. I'm sorry, they wanted. They put two injections in her back to numb. I guess the bottom area to try to this area, Doctor.
Lisa’s iPhone: And it didn't work for her. So now they want to do and I don't want to do anything. I don't want to put her in, because I feel doctor that are just, I don't know what I'm just going to doctor to doctor and now they want to do. It's called a spinal cord simulation. Um, okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: And they want to do that on the 20th of this month. Doctor, so I don't even know if we're going to do it or not.
Lisa’s iPhone: I don't think so.
Belis Aladag: It's dr is
Lisa’s iPhone: Man, that's, that's his doctor a lot he Antica California
Lisa’s iPhone: How does our doctor, it's he was
Belis Aladag: In LA. He said,
Lisa’s iPhone: He Oh, hold on.
Lisa’s iPhone: This is my best friend.
Lisa’s iPhone: I'm sorry, let me see. Hold on one second. I'm looking at your chart. It's el H
Belis Aladag: e la he died.
Lisa’s iPhone: Alone his first name is I guess it's fo ad
Belis Aladag: Thank you. Okay. OK. For odd elahi yeah
Belis Aladag: And that's the best friend.
Lisa’s iPhone: No, no, you say mine was me, how
Lisa’s iPhone: Does it
Lisa’s iPhone: Give us right now this guy, we just seen him twice, and the first time we've seen them is when he Dr. Foster referred us to him.
Lisa’s iPhone: To pay for it pain because Dr. Walker gave her some guys miracles. He wanted to come up with knuckles wasn't doing anything for her.
Lisa’s iPhone: So we went there. He wanted to put those shots but now he wants to do that spinal cord, but I don't think I want to do that in till we see the specialist for the end Rome, whatever that I forgot a call I can, I can never pronounce it angel materials.
Lisa’s iPhone: So,
Belis Aladag: I see. I think I'm getting a picture here of what's going on. I think it's getting confusing for you to choose to decide which doctors to go see what to do because
Belis Aladag: I agree that it's important for you to wait and be cautious before doing any more invasive procedures connections spinal cord stimulation all this stuff.
Belis Aladag: Those things are it modalities that pain specialists use. So Dr. Ella. He is a pain specialist and he can use those treatments to help people that have chronic pain.
Lisa’s iPhone: From whatever different reasons.
Belis Aladag: Which is ok but for you. Yes, you have chronic pain like the the arthritis and fibromyalgia pain, but those aren't the things that are needing help right now from those types of invasive modalities. Right. You don't need
Lisa’s iPhone: For that
Belis Aladag: It's the endometriosis. This new diagnosis that came about four months ago. And since that procedure of the biopsy it just feels like something just got irritated or something that if the pain level went up based on that.
Lisa’s iPhone: thousand percent
Belis Aladag: thousand percent
Belis Aladag: So let's first figure out, okay, what is this endometriosis. How do we. Is it, is there a way to fix what's going on. Maybe there's a surgery they could go in and take out most of the tumor or the problematic part. Get rid of it. So it doesn't roll back you know
Lisa’s iPhone: Back. But yeah, the what what what they told her. Was that what he seen, but he thinks that there's more on the bottom.
Lisa’s iPhone: And he said that there's a later time. There's a third. There's two different treatments. One is one of the laser one's a surgery and ones like real life skills, but we won't know until like I said to Lucien, especially
Lisa’s iPhone: At the specialist, which, let me see which one was the specialist for that UCSF.
Belis Aladag: UCSF right you have the using
Lisa’s iPhone: The 18th
Belis Aladag: ON THE 18th AND YOU'LL discuss those treatments. You'll discuss. Okay, what do I have, what is this endometriosis. What does it mean
Belis Aladag: How do I treat this those three treatment options which ones is best for me in terms of risk of getting worse. So I would want to know, okay, what's my risk of this pain getting worse because if there's a risk. They're getting worse. Maybe you don't want to do it.
Lisa’s iPhone: And
Belis Aladag: You know, just ask those questions for each each thing the laser. The surgery and the whatever, you know, the pills ask, Okay, what's the pro and what's the con what could happen.
Lisa’s iPhone: And then
Belis Aladag: Based on that decide on those things. After you treat that and work on that. Then maybe you can make an appointment, if necessary, later later with Dr elahi
Belis Aladag: Think, for now, my suggestion would be the 20th with Dr. Ally. He just post one it. You don't have to explain to me to just call their office and say hey you know we got we're dealing with some other medical stuff. Can we postpone this to next month or something and
Lisa’s iPhone: Then
Belis Aladag: Most phone it. You don't have to go. You just kind of for now put it off that way you're not confused.
Lisa’s iPhone: Because you have
Belis Aladag: So many people telling you, you got to do this for the endometriosis and then you got
Lisa’s iPhone: This for the pain and we don't have to
Belis Aladag: Separate it all. It's all your
Body.
Lisa’s iPhone: Every day, every two days. I have an appointment to the doctor to take the day
Lisa’s iPhone: She, she has a doctor. It's called Golden Valley clinic Holden.
Lisa’s iPhone: And usually 90% of The Times PA Cesar are not the doctor because and every month they changed her doctors, so we don't even have like a
Lisa’s iPhone: Like we just gets we just call and they send us. Okay. You gotta go to this one. Now you got to do this for now and literally
Lisa’s iPhone: Monday through Friday we're all over the doctors and it's literally the took a toll on her life. It took a toll on the family because I have to be with her and and business and we go
Lisa’s iPhone: For know there's like no no no changes like nothing change is like she's not getting anything helpful. So, but the thing is like I told them whatever you guys telling me to do. I'm doing it wherever you're telling me to go on going. But you guys, she's not getting no percent better
Lisa’s iPhone: I see.
Belis Aladag: So, and the Golden Valley clinic is supposed to be your home base.
Belis Aladag: Is that your primary care.
Physician
Lisa’s iPhone: But unfortunately you're saying they're switching around a lot.
Belis Aladag: You don't, you don't feel like you have like a captain of the ship.
Belis Aladag: Correct. Dr.
Lisa’s iPhone: We don't. We didn't call an extra somebody doctor. What did the doctor say or what did this. We don't even know who he is.
Belis Aladag: So this is very thank you for sharing all this because it's so important for peace of mind and and and you need that right now with all this stuff happening to that.
Belis Aladag: You know, all of a sudden came on four months ago you need clarity and you need to have like a home base where you can go and say, Okay, here's what's going on. Now, what, what is my next step. And where do only
Lisa’s iPhone: Reports come to so that I can
Belis Aladag: Have somebody review it and guide me. Okay, what do I do next, kind of like what we're doing right now.
Lisa’s iPhone: Saying
Belis Aladag: Let's postpone the pain guy, let's do this. Let's do that. Right. So, so for now. I mean, I'm happy to help. Since I'm starting to get to know what's going on. I'm happy to be kind of like ground zero for you to just try to get all the pieces together and help guide you
Lisa’s iPhone: Thinking
Belis Aladag: You're welcome. Um, and I think the good news is the 18th is right around the corner right it's next week.
Belis Aladag: Yes. Right, next week. So, so hopefully I'm really hopeful UCSF has a great reputation. I hope that when you go into the room with this provider on the 18th. You can really feel comfortable to just say,
Belis Aladag: Doc, you know, this four months ago, brand new thing came into my life and it's kind of confused me and caused me a lot of pain and
Belis Aladag: Discomfort. So I'm hoping you can help both through slowly what's happening and what you recommend based on what you see. And so hopefully it'll be somebody that you can trust and kind of work with
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: I'm in terms of continuing your medications like the Gabba Penton the trezza don't and the Deluxe, a team are these three medications prescribed by Golden Valley clinic providers or someone else.
Lisa’s iPhone: First, the golden golden Golden Valley prescribe them and then now the two of them is describing by the bones, the
Lisa’s iPhone: Doctor
Lisa’s iPhone: A lot. No, no.
Lisa’s iPhone: I'm sorry. Haha.
Lisa’s iPhone: prescribes for the last, the last thing. No.
Lisa’s iPhone: No.
Lisa’s iPhone: No, no, no. I'm sorry. Hold on. The gabapentin that the last thing I know the last session murders. A Oh, that's called a rally i right now. Yeah, give it to her. She used to give her the locks it then. And the other paintings, but now Golden Valley is given
Belis Aladag: And the transit homeless from Golden Valley.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes, I see the child is owning the vitamin D.
Belis Aladag: So, um, okay.
Belis Aladag: So Golden Valley.
Belis Aladag: I'm gonna I'm gonna talk to my team with us with bright heart health, to see if they can
Belis Aladag: Kind of communicate with golden valley clinic or somehow figure out a way where you feel safer at Golden Valley clinic with one provider that you can trust and hopefully it's a doctor. It sounds like the PA is good, but you don't really feel
Lisa’s iPhone: I don't, is it thing is that I don't know if there's this golden valley have about 60 doctors. Wow, they have they have their
Lisa’s iPhone: Own little by me and they have. It's a big thing. It's like a county thing is like the biggest thing here. Believe me, Dr. Wood what you told me I said it 100 times
Lisa’s iPhone: I'm like, I even last last appointment. I went to him. Like I the normal Africa. I'm like, I never seen before. Now how could I tell you all the situations about her because you don't
Lisa’s iPhone: Know you're reading about it, but you don't know about it. Yeah, and that's the situation. That's why I want to get away from golden belt. I don't want, I don't even want. Yeah, I don't want to do a golden valley.
Belis Aladag: Beautiful. Okay, I just wanted to make sure. So if that's the case, then I say, how do you feel comfortable importing your care to to bright heart health, where you can have one provider for your primary care needs and stuff like that. Maybe that's
Lisa’s iPhone: This
Belis Aladag: And the cool thing about it is you can have one provider and its online like this so you can, you know, you can communicate wherever you are, even if you move or whatever. Right.
Belis Aladag: So we'll see I'm new to bright heart health. So in terms of services we provide. I'm pretty sure we do primary care, but I would have to check and double, double check on that. Right.
Belis Aladag: But I can help at least convey your, your concerns to the team with us and then make sure you get good like hand holding to the next step. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, and, and that way. I'm thinking it might be best for you to receive all your medications from one place
Yes.
Belis Aladag: So like right now. Where are you at with your refills. How are you with the Gabba Penton the trouser don't the Deluxe, a team do you have enough
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes, I have a refill for one year. One more try this one. Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: And the vitamin D, I think, okay, for one year.
Lisa’s iPhone: Now, I don't know that.
Lisa’s iPhone: Day.
Lisa’s iPhone: What goes on, you'll have one refill that you're feeling it today. And the doctor. The doctor from Golden Valley approved it today and everything yeah refill. Yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: It's not one year, we feel
Belis Aladag: On one time, one month maybe
Lisa’s iPhone: She told me one year. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So I see
Lisa’s iPhone: All Shahar Dr. Laurie from Informatica the arthritis.
Lisa’s iPhone: And the other one, guys. Yeah, sure. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: A lot. He is the pain doctor right
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Right Faulconer is the so you said he's a urologist or is he a gynecologist
Lisa’s iPhone: Also urology. No, that's for concert was in Rolla does. He does. He is. He was my doctor I had testicular cancer before
Belis Aladag: I got you.
Lisa’s iPhone: So, and then, that's why. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: I got you. I see. And because it was in her bladder. That's why they went with Dr Faulconer
Belis Aladag: Correct. But when he looked at it. He's like, this is not cancer. This is endometriosis.
Lisa’s iPhone: What that would not know when when when he looked at it. He told me that it was a tumors cancer.
Belis Aladag: I see.
Lisa’s iPhone: But he didn't, didn't know how far the cancer was so when when he send it to get the that it came back as enabling which
Belis Aladag: Is good and bad what it
Lisa’s iPhone: Means
Belis Aladag: The tissue of your uterus inside the uterus. We have tissue that bleeds every month right as a woman.
Belis Aladag: You believe every month that that's the tissue inside your uterus. It just kind of shuts off and bleats right
Belis Aladag: So endometriosis is when the cells, the same type of skin inside the uterus accidentally gets into a different organ.
Belis Aladag: So instead of being inside of here and going through and just bleeding normally like every woman does
Belis Aladag: Yours, you have tissue like that that bleeds every month in the bladder. So it's in an area where it shouldn't be, and it's causing pain, probably because it gets inflamed because it gets filled up with blood and it has nowhere to go.
Belis Aladag: I'm guessing that's what's going on with this endometriosis thing so it's it's tissue that got confused and ended up in Oregon. It shouldn't be.
Belis Aladag: But they will explain this to you more at UCSF.
Lisa’s iPhone: And for the longest time doctors always had heavy, heavy periods and and she had it like every she would go seven 810 days or a period and then 10 days later, get it again. Yes, yes.
Belis Aladag: So it's very typical so this is i, it makes sense that you have endometriosis and endometriosis, because of the condition, it can be very painful. It can make you feel bloated or full or whatever.
Belis Aladag: And so, and it can look like it's a tumor, because there's so much blood. It's just expanding and stuff. So that's why you have these these issues. The good news is, now we know what it is we have a diagnosis. We know why you were having this thing in your bladder.
Belis Aladag: And and it has treatments. So hopefully you'll get the best treatment to clear it so that the tissues that are in the bladder and in the areas, they're not supposed to be will be cleared out
Belis Aladag: And then hopefully they don't grow back. Sometimes they grow back over several years. Sometimes they don't. So hopefully you can clear it out nicely in in the least invasive least you know bothersome way possible. We
Lisa’s iPhone: Know,
Belis Aladag: You want to avoid things that are too dramatic if you can do it subtly, so maybe start with the most subtle. See if that works. If it doesn't work, then they can go in and do like a surgery, whatever they need to do.
Belis Aladag: So we can talk more about it after you have your appointment. Maybe after you have your UCSF appointment you we can talk again about what did they say and what do you think you want to do.
Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so in terms of the fibromyalgia and arthritis. Do you feel that those conditions got worse or they're the same, since this has been happening.
Lisa’s iPhone: Now is getting was
Lisa’s iPhone: Getting more
Lisa’s iPhone: Now I freedom like somebody punched me and somebody passes em in top of me.
Lisa’s iPhone: I feeling all my, my goal.
Lisa’s iPhone: At my hands pain painful inside, inside
Lisa’s iPhone: And my muscles is things for a pain.
Belis Aladag: Okay. And remember, you stop this medication. Two weeks ago, the Xcel
Lisa’s iPhone: Jen. I'm
Belis Aladag: That correlate with the timing of the pain going up.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, that's it.
Lisa’s iPhone: In trezza racing. Yeah.
Lisa’s iPhone: I think
Belis Aladag: So they'll Jan's was working for you that it was working
Belis Aladag: Yeah, now we're stopped it because Dr chahal wants to follow some blood work, make sure it's safe. And then maybe she'll resume it
Lisa’s iPhone: Hopefully she is girl. Good day, that appeals make your cancers make you more fast to get to have a cancer has a lot of side effects. That's why she want a take me away for a pill.
Belis Aladag: So okay, so that's where we can. Okay, so I guess.
Belis Aladag: If you're not going to be taking Zell Jen's that's on the 24th, you're going to have an appointment to see her right
Belis Aladag: Yes, so you know what I could prescribe. Have you ever heard of a medication called buprenorphine.
Lisa’s iPhone: It's that's the one that's the one are taken out from the morning show. That's the one.
Belis Aladag: Sure they put you on something called Suboxone
Lisa’s iPhone: Or buprenorphine. So why do let me let me get it. So what is the boy doing your mouth.
Belis Aladag: You put underneath your time.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes, yes.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, yes. Does the only pure that slipping away.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so good. Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: Let's go. Hold on.
Lisa’s iPhone: Let me see is the same pill.
Lisa’s iPhone: We'll grab a cell towers.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and does it have an alarm zone in it. Does it say 0.5 milligrams and the lock zone.
Lisa’s iPhone: So they have how many center much twice. No one tablet twice a day. Okay, but what is the meaning of eight milligram
Belis Aladag: Eight milligram or does say eight dash two says
Belis Aladag: Just as a milligram. Okay, that's all. There's nothing else in it. Okay, so, so they gave you this, you went to the ER. Tell me about that. Most recent thing. When was this ER visit
Lisa’s iPhone: This was about a week ago. Dr. Went to the ER, she had
Lisa’s iPhone: She couldn't take the
Lisa’s iPhone: The pain when we went to two different three different than that day. We are. We went to the to the pain doctor and we told them all this, he didn't do anything that I'm serious. Nothing that we have an expert injection like for information or something, then do nothing, then we went to
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, did lie. Then we went to the bones. Yes, for the bones. Yeah. For the bones, the arthritis. Dr.
Belis Aladag: Phil Hall.
Lisa’s iPhone: So Hall. They put her one shot for the information but didn't help her. I told her, like, I'm going to go to
Lisa’s iPhone: The hospital. She's like, Yeah, I think you should, but she didn't recommend me. She didn't refer me. She didn't tell me nothing.
Lisa’s iPhone: So I went there with it, about four hours and emergency and Dr. Bernard deca came to us and seen her crying and seeing the pain and then some blood work and told her.
Lisa’s iPhone: And she any actual what what what what are you, what did they give you for the paint regular ER and he said that the she gave her an oracle
Lisa’s iPhone: And he said, no, this is not going to. This is not for you. There's another under you'll have chronic
Lisa’s iPhone: Abdominal pain that that people are not understanding that you can walk. You can move you don't have a life.
Lisa’s iPhone: So that's when you said, I'm going to give you a special pill.
Lisa’s iPhone: That's going to help you. I need to put on your tongue for a little bit. Yeah. And this is an and then he even told her this and then he's the one that gave me a card to the another special is in the hospital.
Lisa’s iPhone: He said, I would love to see her, but I don't have an office. I'm just, I'm in charge of the ER.
Lisa’s iPhone: So he even said if you need to come back as many as time as you want. Lisa come back and just ask for me.
Lisa’s iPhone: And I will give you the prescription but talk to this person who's going to be in charge of you now because I told him what I what I told you I told him.
Lisa’s iPhone: And he feels like really, he's like, Yeah, I have a lot of pain. I love when I come here for the same reason, Lisa, why you're coming because they're not taking care of you. Yes. Yes, you. It seems like you've been very confused.
Lisa’s iPhone: There's a lot going on and
Belis Aladag: Like consolidation of care. So the good news is I think you're in the right place. I think we know I know where we're going next. So
Lisa’s iPhone: Here's the deal. Thank you.
Belis Aladag: You're welcome. So. So the good news is this the pill that they gave
Belis Aladag: eight milligrams under the tongue, you let it melt. That's how it gets into your bloodstream, you let it melt. You don't chew it and swallow it. If you do that, it'll skip your system. So make sure it really melts under the tongue.
Belis Aladag: And you take that twice a day. So maybe in the morning and later afternoon, it should help you with the pain.
Belis Aladag: Any pain. It helps
Belis Aladag: Any pain in the belly right now with the endometriosis.
Lisa’s iPhone: It can help with the phone in my bones. Yeah, the
Lisa’s iPhone: The young. I know does take me, the thing is the thing. Oh, they think they can away. Yeah. Yes.
Belis Aladag: Yes. So it really is helpful and and so I think and and the good news is it's not something like Norco or bike it in or all these things that are causing big problems for people. People are dying because they
Lisa’s iPhone: Start taking
Belis Aladag: On an event and they have to take it all the time. Then they need more than one more.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: You stay on the same level. Usually if it works for you. It's going to continue working, usually at that same dose for a long time. So that's the good thing. That's why you don't need more and more. You don't get taller.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, and and it's a religious listening medication.
Belis Aladag: So that's, that's called buprenorphine and that's like my specialty. I help people.
Belis Aladag: So my specialty. I actually do. Addiction Medicine. So I actually help people that have become addicted to the pain pills and Oracle's and all those things that are you know faster acting and then they go in and out of your system and you need more and more
Belis Aladag: To what you know and then we place them on this to keep them home and and their, their
Belis Aladag: Their brain heals from all those changes. So for you, you don't have the addiction problem.
Belis Aladag: Correct. But, but
Belis Aladag: You're utilizing we're using the same medication for you for your pain because it's it's kind of just the right thing you need right now to cover all these different things. You have the endometriosis fibromyalgia and arthritis.
Belis Aladag: It actually might work beautifully for you and it might simplify your life. So you don't need
Lisa’s iPhone: To sell jams. Hopefully, you know, I hope in
Belis Aladag: And, and I think that once this endometriosis issue is really handled hopefully really well by a good
Belis Aladag: Special specialist, you know, gynecologist specialist endometriosis specialist at UCSF. That's what you need a really good one to really hold your hand and help you
Lisa’s iPhone: Hmm. They've been waiting. Yeah. We've been waiting for months for the doctor.
Lisa’s iPhone: He only he only treats the sickness yeah that's that's all those four. Okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: All his for. That's why Dr. Faulkner. He's like, do you want me to send you. I'm like, no.
Lisa’s iPhone: No Mike I want we need somebody that's just just just for this. So then he referred me to UCSF and I waited for months for the surge of that that for this appointment.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, that's why i wanted i because I know everybody told me like I Googled it and I seen the pain and like, no, I need the best of the best for the sickness. Exactly. Exactly. Because
Belis Aladag: This has been the most problematic traumatic for you.
Belis Aladag: I'm glad I'm glad that you you chose to wait but
Belis Aladag: Get the right guy so
Belis Aladag: I advise you write down your questions.
Lisa’s iPhone: Before you go to the
Belis Aladag: Office. Because once you're there, you can get nervous and you forget to ask and
Belis Aladag: Over
Lisa’s iPhone: Waiting for certain reasons.
Belis Aladag: So please
Belis Aladag: Before you go, like, really.
Belis Aladag: Center and focus yourself Lisa and just think about your body and all the concerns you have, you know, why, why am I bleeding so much or, you know, I noticed that when I stand up in hurts like this or I don't know, whatever questions you have a good
Belis Aladag: One, I get treated with
Belis Aladag: Laser. How long is it going to last. When do I have to love to come back every three months throughout, you know,
Lisa’s iPhone: Any questions like it choose didn't like it. Choosing to access everything, everything, you know, take your time, when you're in the
Lisa’s iPhone: office visits.
Belis Aladag: Don't leave until you feel secure. Okay. They heard me. I understand they understand me, we're on the same page. And we have a plan. Right.
Belis Aladag: You're about the plan or whatever you feel rushed just say, You know, I'm feeling rushed. Can you please repeat what you just said, or whatever.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Because it's hard, the specialists, you know, especially a guy like that. I'm sure he's so busy and he's got so many patients and he can't read minds.
Lisa’s iPhone: Are distracted. It's hard for us to read
Belis Aladag: Look at your face and say, oh, yeah, you look confused. You know, so you have to speak up and say, Yeah, I didn't really understand that. Can you repeat that, you know, okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, to get going, get comfortable.
Belis Aladag: So okay, so for now. So you're on eight milligrams twice a day. This has been one week.
Belis Aladag: How do you feel. Do you feel it's sufficient or do you feel, you know, remember, two weeks ago you stop the Xcel jams and you said your pain went up. Now, you started this a week ago. Do you feel it's better. Do you feel it's enough or do you think you need more
Lisa’s iPhone: Know, Dr. Think it is feels good. Yeah. Yeah, no, I don't want more moral, moral high dosage. No, no, and and
Belis Aladag: If we stay at this does, it gives us wiggle room to go up if we need to later, but right now, if it's okay. You know, I think you're managing it. Then let's stay at this until you get to the endometriosis.
Lisa’s iPhone: Expert and figures. Again, that's
Belis Aladag: Good. Okay, so I'm going to do that. I see that you have Walgreens as your pharmacy. Right.
Belis Aladag: Yes, so I'm gonna call this in to the pharmacy there.
Lisa’s iPhone: It's on natural doctor in Manhattan serious
Lisa’s iPhone: Modesto
Belis Aladag: How's your weather up there now.
Lisa’s iPhone: Right now, it's actually beautiful. I know it's not spot 70 degrees right now, but in in Los Angeles area. IT'S, IT'S POURING DOWN RAIN.
Belis Aladag: Oh,
Lisa’s iPhone: Boy Yeah, I'm about three hours from Los Angeles.
Lisa’s iPhone: Are you okay
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, so I'm going to give you
So they give you broke up morphine.
Belis Aladag: So buprenorphine if they gave you the single Mano formulation. I will. I'm wondering if it's how much was it for you. Was it expensive for you.
Lisa’s iPhone: Know the medical
Lisa’s iPhone: Insurance. Yeah. Okay. Yes.
Belis Aladag: And it's a tablet eight milligram tablet. Right.
Yes.
So the number
X.
Belis Aladag: I'm going to order it right now to hatch street hatch road right
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes, yes.
Belis Aladag: And then you can get that and I'll give you enough to last you for, let's say,
Belis Aladag: Should we connect again in like two weeks.
Belis Aladag: Is okay are you under one week, two weeks. I want to be able to talk to you after you see the 818 yeah
Lisa’s iPhone: Yes. Yes, any any any any day after the 18th, we could get on the line, though.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, maybe we could do. Could we do the 20th
Lisa’s iPhone: That's fine. Perfect. 20th that way. So, in
Belis Aladag: One week so
Lisa’s iPhone: Perfect.
Belis Aladag: Why don't I do that, I'll give you one week so
Belis Aladag: Is that good or do you are you gonna be okay with that.
Lisa’s iPhone: Well, we're being out there, whatever you
Lisa’s iPhone: Can right now that whatever you want to do, to me, that's fine.
Belis Aladag: That's fine.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Well, thank you for your trust.
I will
Belis Aladag: Don't worry, I'm going to take good care of you.
license number and everything out.
Belis Aladag: And
Lisa’s iPhone: Tell us telling me if there's anything we missed any
Belis Aladag: Questions, anything that we forgot to touch upon
Lisa’s iPhone: And you know, that's only my program out there. You want to use my Promo
Lisa’s iPhone: Well, I'll tell you what.
Lisa’s iPhone: Babies in a grandbaby this eight months old.
Belis Aladag: No way.
Lisa’s iPhone: She lives in Ventura five hours away when I
Lisa’s iPhone: Was taking
Lisa’s iPhone: A ROAD TRIP. Like, if we go to like to go see her. It's a little my daughters, like a five hour drive. Yeah. And when we get there. It's just mostly in recovery. Then she's even enjoying her granddaughter.
Lisa’s iPhone: Oh wow yeah at nighttime she tossed and turned. She doesn't sleep at night time
Lisa’s iPhone: She's in because of the the pain and like Shazam door daily thing is putting a lot of stress on her on her on her daily life. You understand like her activities or or her during her cleaning her house or doing a normal things that's just that sounds like such a yeah
Belis Aladag: Just, just everyday stuff. You're saying it's just
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, the normal stuff, nothing, nothing out of the normal just the normal stuff okay and and she can do it. She can't do it.
Belis Aladag: I'm going to put down the code is going to be for endometriosis. You know what I think I'm going to just write it
This this buprenorphine. I'm going to save for
Belis Aladag: Chronic pain. How about that. Yes, I'm just going to say chronic pain G 89.2 as your reason for being on this medication right now because it's going to help you with all three. The endometriosis pain. The pain from fibromyalgia and the pain from
Belis Aladag: Arthritis is it room with rheumatoid arthritis, that you have
Lisa’s iPhone: Chills. Yes, yes. My turn.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, so I'm gonna G 89.29
Belis Aladag: Okay, pharmacy notes. You don't need anything.
Belis Aladag: And there's a coupon. It says
Belis Aladag: It can send it to you via email or text message. There's a coupon. It's $42. I don't know. I'll just put it in there. Did you say any copay or no.
Lisa’s iPhone: We have no copay but send the coupon, just in case they will actually if she if she hasn't sure they will let us know.
Belis Aladag: Because it seems selected drug is not reimbursed on this plan. I'm looking at it and it's buprenorphine sublingual tablets. Right. It's the same one you have
Lisa’s iPhone: Mm hmm. Okay.
Belis Aladag: I don't know why it's not reversible, but we'll try. We'll see. Okay, I'm going to validate it.
Belis Aladag: Now,
Belis Aladag: So I'm sending you 14 pills.
Access
Belis Aladag: We're sorry what your account does not have sufficient privileges. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, it says by completing the two factor. Enter years
Belis Aladag: Okay, so, um, no worries. This will be taken care of by my team for some reason it's not recognizing my license just
Yet
Belis Aladag: But it's good but but by the time you know, can you go there. Maybe give some give me some time, like maybe I don't know a couple hours before you go try to pick it up.
Lisa’s iPhone: I'll go later on this afternoon. No worries about six o'clock.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm going to exit this. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So I apologize on that, but it's going to be taken care of. So, you will have 14 pills to pick up later.
Belis Aladag: Today, I'll make sure my team works on that and we're going to see each other. Hopefully on the 20th
Belis Aladag: And I think, do you know how to make appointments do call back to the virtual clinic.
Lisa’s iPhone: They didn't tell me
Lisa’s iPhone: What all fall back to the virtual clinic and asked them.
Belis Aladag: You know how to do that right you know
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, man.
Belis Aladag: We just call the virtual clinic and say, Dr. Allah DAG. That's the industry Allah duck sauce just now. She said that we should see her back in a week. So the 20th, if possible.
Belis Aladag: And
Belis Aladag: And that
Belis Aladag: The medication, she ordered, there was a problem with the medication. So if the team could help her with that.
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay, I will. Okay.
Belis Aladag: And then that's it. And then, so hopefully we've answered some
Lisa’s iPhone: Questions.
Belis Aladag: Does it feel a little better. Right now, for you will be
Lisa’s iPhone: Is that there's yes yes with the medication is
Belis Aladag: The other thing I would say is, like I said, let's ask
Lisa’s iPhone: Also virtual clinic. When you tell them
Lisa’s iPhone: appointment with me and we
Belis Aladag: asked for help, about the medication. I ordered. And the third thing is saying, you know, we're not very happy with our primary care at Bolden.
Lisa’s iPhone: Money. Now I'm happy with you. Okay, you
Lisa’s iPhone: Know I'm gonna I'm gonna write your name down in my notes. I couldn't have it in my mind.
Lisa’s iPhone: Yeah, I think I have it in my text message.
Lisa’s iPhone: Is different that remember
Lisa’s iPhone: To send me a coupon.
Lisa’s iPhone: Under no baby.
Belis Aladag: So my first name is
Belis Aladag: Elise B as in Boy e Li as police. And last thing, Allah DAG, a la de da de ella DAG.
Lisa’s iPhone: Thank you. Okay, got it. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So just call virtual clinic and ask them for those three things, you know, and
Lisa’s iPhone: And the third one, just say, you know,
Belis Aladag: We're not really happy with our primary care. We don't have a consistent person we really want one doctor that we can kind of consolidate all the care with maybe they'll assign you somebody who can see with us. In the meantime, though.
Belis Aladag: Even though I'm not necessarily
Belis Aladag: Primary care for you. I'm kind of acting
Lisa’s iPhone: As
Belis Aladag: Much so it's okay if for now. You're okay.
Lisa’s iPhone: Just seeing me. Welcome. Welcome to Just yes yes, that's perfect. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Sounds good. And then we'll see each other in a week. And then if we need
Lisa’s iPhone: To
Belis Aladag: Talk about more refills at
Belis Aladag: What the doctor said that you get that
Lisa’s iPhone: Okay. Thank you, Dr. Have a wonderful day have a blessed day
Blessing